folks
today we will talk about if it is
if I can pass
she got the onion here
the people
marriage this way
national brazilian
that the house
in her
here the onion she has more way but these days
More Heat
this one here
has less luster the slightly softer organs
They usually work this kind of later salads
the goal of the current 11
we depend a lot on what we lose skinny
in the case of the seasons
we have to adapt
this if here
turned up the ball injured people in this sense here
cut scenes then paula
this year we will have murray
my daughters
our year
if we work a bag the detainees were found is the way we
we make the cell of the sector to another level
Who knows
older
the copy
so eternal rival the hummingbird
kieza
let's then show little participated
the strips
are accordingly
if we strengthen your portal
in the direction of fiber it leads - liquid
causes us - sometimes
av - our year
if we cut her sense of voting in that sense then
we'll cut the fiber more but the onion cell it will drop more
liquid will have more this god to see more our year
let's show the cut of your people
the more shape the type of onion
you will have the finer people cut in this direction
and not containing the entire circumference of cebu
we will make courtesy in this sense as much as we can without
crossbeam
complete collection
What is the purpose of this?
we'll get tried to do with the hurry to vote against coming to the end
second birthday
in the other sense there is no need to cut yourself because
the onion has
around you
sweetness
that part remains intact does not
do not separate
then we cut in another direction macau china 28
We'll arrive then.
to small cubic
this here we can use both chopped
to have a paste